Generate more maven-plugin documentation (#424)
openrewrite/rewrite-docs: docs/reference/rewrite-maven-plugin.md

* `mvn rewrite:dryRun` - Generate warnings to the console for any recipe that would make changes and generates a diff file in each maven modules' `target` folder.
* `mvn rewrite:dryRunNoFork` - Generate warnings to the console for any recipe that would make changes and generates a diff file in each maven modules' `target` folder. This variant does not fork the Maven life cycle and can be a more efficient choice when using Rewrite within a CI workflow when combined with other Maven goals.
* `mvn rewrite:discover` - Generate a report of available recipes found on the classpath.

> * `mvn rewrite:typetable` - Generate a type attribution table for Java sources. This goal is typically used for debugging and analysis purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mvn rewrite:typetable` - [Generate a type table](/authoring-recipes/multiple-versions#typetable-generation-for-maven-projects) to support multiple versions of a single library.
```

    **/*.sql
    **/*.txt
    ```
* `options` - Pass configuration options to recipes in the format `key=value`. Multiple options can be provided as a comma-separated list. For example, `-Drewrite.options=methodPattern=java.util.List add(..),key2=value2`.
* `pomCacheDirectory` - The directory where OpenRewrite will cache `pom.xml` and meta-data. The default value is `~/.rewrite-cache`
* `pomCacheEnabled` - This flag determines if OpenRewrite will cache `pom.xml` and meta-data using an on-disk cache. The default is `true`
* `recipeArtifactCoordinates` - Alternative way to specify recipe dependencies as Maven coordinates. Can be used instead of or in addition to plugin dependencies. For example, `-Drewrite.recipeArtifactCoordinates=org.openrewrite.recipe:rewrite-java-dependencies:1.0.0`.
* `recipeChangeLogLevel` - The log level used to log changes performed by recipes. Available values are `ERROR`, `WARN`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`. Default is `WARN`. For example, `-Drewrite.recipeChangeLogLevel=INFO`.

> * `reportOutputDirectory` - Custom output directory for dryRun reports. If not specified, defaults to `target/site/rewrite`. For example, `-DreportOutputDirectory=/custom/path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `reportOutputDirectory` - Custom output directory for dryRun reports. If not specified, defaults to `target/rewrite`. For example, `-DreportOutputDirectory=/custom/path`.
```

To find out what recipes a rewrite module provides, see its documentation and the output of the `rewrite:discover` goal.
:::

## The "TypeTable" goal

> Execute `mvn rewrite:typetable` to generate a type attribution table for Java sources in your project. This goal is primarily used for debugging and analysis purposes, helping to understand how types are resolved and attributed in your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute `mvn rewrite:typetable` to [generate a type table](/authoring-recipes/multiple-versions#typetable-generation-for-maven-projects) to support multiple versions of a single library.
```
